maestro/src/agents/meta_agent/README.md, before:

# META AGENT

Our goal is to create an agent that can create the relevant agents/workflow.yaml files necessary for you to delegate your tasks.

## Validating/Creating Agents/Workflow files

We can use the maestro commands to validate that our workflows are following the correct schema, and we can actually run them.

Assuming you are in maestro top level:

Validating the YAML file adheres to the schema:
`maestro validate ./schemas/agent_schema.json ./src/agents/meta_agent/agents.yaml`

Creating the agents(with the ability to manually add tools): `maestro create ./src/agents/meta_agent/agents.yaml`

To run the workflow:

If you already created the agents and enabled the tool: `maestro run None ./src/agents/meta_agent/workflow.yaml`

OR

Directly run the workflow: `./src/agents/meta_agent/agents.yaml ./src/agents/meta_agent/workflow.yaml`

### Tools Needed to be Created

agent_schema tool: create by copying the code portion in the agents.yaml file into the tool.
workflow_schema tool: create by copying the code portion in the agents.yaml file into the tool.

Note:
The agents.yaml file currently is generalized, but workflow.yaml needs to specify the agents inside the prompt.
Specifically, how many agents there are, and what do they do. In the future, this should be able to be generalized.

2 solutions:

1) Add Human input in between workflow steps
2) Creating an initial agent that will output customized prompt based upon your agents, and this would be passed to the next agent

Commit message:

Generalizing agent creation within meta-agents (#282)

maestro/src/agents/meta_agent/README.md, after:

# META AGENT

Our goal is to create an agent that can create the relevant agents/workflow.yaml files necessary for you to delegate your tasks.

## Validating/Creating Agents/Workflow files

We can use the maestro commands to validate that our workflows are following the correct schema, and we can actually run them.

Assuming you are in maestro top level:

Validating the YAML file adheres to the schema:
`maestro validate ./schemas/agent_schema.json ./src/agents/meta_agent/agents.yaml`

Creating the agents(with the ability to manually add tools): `maestro create ./src/agents/meta_agent/agents.yaml`

To run the workflow:

If you already created the agents and enabled the tool: `maestro run None ./src/agents/meta_agent/workflow.yaml`

OR

Directly run the workflow: `./src/agents/meta_agent/agents.yaml ./src/agents/meta_agent/workflow.yaml`

### Tools Needed to be Created

agent_schema tool: create by copying the code portion in the agents.yaml file into the tool.
workflow_schema tool: create by copying the code portion in the agents.yaml file into the tool.

Note:
The agents.yaml file currently is generalized, but workflow.yaml needs to specify the agents inside the prompt.
Specifically, the last prompt which creates the workflow.

2 solutions:

1) Add Human input in between workflow steps
2) Creating an initial agent that will output customized prompt based upon your agents, and this would be passed to the next agent
